== Welcome to TUCSA

While it is already known and proven that online forms are faster and more convenient
to fill out, many universities and organizations are still using traditional paper based 
forms to accept applications. Online applications can be found by users in a quick search 
and is easy and efficient to use and send the completed application.
The overall process is faster and reaches to the right place where it should be sent. 
Online applications can effectively point out missing data or documents in a form and can help in 
various other ways.
‘TU Cyber Corps Scholarship App’ (called TUCSA hereafter), is intended to facilitate students 
to easily and quickly fill out scholarship applications and to facilitate professors/staff to 
efficiently select right candidates using one web application. The project is open source and can 
be forked from this repository for further improvements.

*WARNING: I don't take responsibility of any loss/damage caused if any by the use of this free open source software.

== Getting Started

1. Learn about Github branching here: http://learn.github.com/p/branching.html

2. Make changes to your own local branch

3. Submit a merge request

4. Follow rails guidelines to contribute to this application. You might find
the following resources handy:

* The Getting Started Guide: http://guides.rubyonrails.org/getting_started.html
* Ruby on Rails Tutorial Book: http://www.railstutorial.org/


== Gems used

Pg:	Gem to integrate with Postgres database
Devise:	Devise is the authentication solution used in this system
Activeadmin:	Framework to create administration style interface.
                It integrates with devise to provide authentication necessary
Wicked:	Used to make step-by-step wizards during scholarship application process
Paperclip:	File attachment library for active record. Also helps in validating file size and types
Prawn:	PDF generation library used to generate completed application
Rubyzip:	Library to read and write zip files
Twitter-bootstrap-rails:	Toolkit from Twitter to help development and design
Better_errors:	Replaces the standard Rails error page with better and useful error page. Great help in debugging



== Rails models

admin_user	
cs_application
institution
mailing_address
rating
recommendation
state	
transcript
user

== Directory structure

The default directory structure of a generated Ruby on Rails application:

  |-- app
  |   |-- assets
  |       |-- images
  |       |-- javascripts
  |       `-- stylesheets
  |   |-- controllers
  |   |-- helpers
  |   |-- mailers
  |   |-- models
  |   `-- views
  |       `-- layouts
  |-- config
  |   |-- environments
  |   |-- initializers
  |   `-- locales
  |-- db
  |-- doc
  |-- lib
  |   `-- tasks
  |-- log
  |-- public
  |-- script
  |-- test
  |   |-- fixtures
  |   |-- functional
  |   |-- integration
  |   |-- performance
  |   `-- unit
  |-- tmp
  |   |-- cache
  |   |-- pids
  |   |-- sessions
  |   `-- sockets
  `-- vendor
      |-- assets
          `-- stylesheets
      `-- plugins

== Thanks
Suraj Bhattarai, 2013